[chuckles]
Wonder which one.
Hm. There we are.
JAMES
Our catch of the day.
Looks like it's catchin'
forty winks.
With luck,
it will keep catching them.
Finders, keepers.
[panting]
Operation take Tyrunt rocks!
‐ First, become its best friend.
‐ Then make it evolve.
Into a towering Tyrantrum!
It's a dream
and it's coming true.
The perfect addition
to our crew.
[STARTLED]
Tyrunt, top of the morning
to ya.
You see, we're your Trainers,
starting right now.
Welcome aboard.
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
No fair!
You charbroiled my hair!
This is no time for revolt!
JAMES
'You're rocking the boat!'
Don't be a Pokémon dolt!
‐ I'm getting air sick!
‐ I'm getting sick of you!
Get your foot out
from under my shoe!
‐ The fickle finger of faith.
‐ Tyrunt overboard.
[splash]
[yawning]
Water. Found it.
Ah. Huh? I'm so thirsty.
TYRUNT
[PAINED]
Huh?
Ah. Oh, no.
Hang on, I'll help you.
[STRUGGLING]
[grunts]
[splash]
[gasping]
[STARTLED]
See? You're okay now.
[HAPPY]
♪ You're just a kid
on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best
of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world ♪
♪ Is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"THE TINY CARETAKER!"
[snoring]
BONNIE 'Clemont, Clemont?
Hey, Clemont!'
Hm. Ah.
Alright, what's up?
[EAGER]
Ah!
[whimpering]
Clemont, what's wrong?
Ah!
[HAPPY]
‐ You found it in the river?
‐ Yeah, it was stuck.
Wait, isn't that..
Tyrunt.
The Royal Heir Pokémon.
'When unhappy, Tyrunt will
go on an angry rampage.'
'It evolves into Tyrantrum.'
‐ I wonder if it's wild.
‐ That would be really rare.
Huh? Ah.
Ah! Tyrunt?
You're wearing
Tyrantrum pajamas
so it's probably curious
about you.
Huh? This? Like them?
[chuckles]
Aw. Sweet.
Ah! Hm. Hey! Hmpf.
You can't do that!
[UPSET]
Don't do it again, okay?
Look, Tyrunt.
Please don't cry.
Look, peek‐a‐boo.
Ah!
[STARTLED]
[ENTERTAINED]
Is everything better now?
[COMICAL]
[EXHILARATED]
[STUNNED]
Ah! Look out!
[UPSET]
You should be more careful.
Uh‐oh. You're super dirty.
I'll be right back.
Time for a brushing!
You're all clean now.
[laughing]
Feel good? I'm glad.
I'd say Tyrunt's really
taken a shine to Bonnie.
Yeah.
Huh? Hungry?
Yeah, me too. So let's eat.
[EXCITED]
Ah..
[chuckles]
Is it yummy?
I think Tyrunt likes
Pokémon food.
Is it good, Tyrunt?
[RAVENOUS]
Slow down,
don't bite the bowl.
[chuckles]
Now, keep your mouth open.
Brushing your teeth's good
for you.
That Tyrunt is so cute.
A wild Tyrunt that likes
to get its teeth brushed? Wow.
Now, it's clean up time.
Okay, hold still.
Hm. That's a lot of Tyrunt
to clean up.
Just like a parent would.
So cute!
Parent? I'm just being
a Trainer, right?
[chuckles]
[DEVOTED]
[JOYOUS]
[EXCITED]
[FOCUSED]
[EAGER]/[EXERTION]
[EAGER]
[EXCITED]
It's so fast.
[screaming]
[RAVENOUS]/[STUNNED]
That's not yours.
Don't bite it!
[CONFUSED]
You really shouldn't bite
everything. It's a bad habit.
Thanks. He‐he‐he.
[FOCUSED]
Okay, here I come.
Oh. Oh!
[EXCITED]
Huh? Ah.
Hm.
Found you, Pikachu.
Found you, Dedenne!
Found you, Bunnelby!
Yay! I found all of you!
Huh? Ah!
I found you too. Ha‐ha‐ha.
[laughing]
[TENDER]
Tyrunt sure loves
Bonnie's attention.
It sure does.
Huh? Ah.
[screaming]
It's not time yet. We'll do this
when you get bigger.
SERENA
'Here, it's a Poké Puff.'
Say thanks like this.
Thanks for the food.
[GRATEFUL]
[ENTHUSIASTIC]/[RAVENOUS]
[DELIGHTED]
Wow! I'm so glad you like it.
Yippee! Ha‐ha‐ha.
[JOYOUS]
So would you like
to stay with me forever?
Want me to keep you?
[AGREEMENT]
Then let's do that.
We'll travel together.
[STRUGGLING]
Ah. What happened?
[grunts]
Are you okay?
[PAINED]
Huh? Aah!
Bonnie! What's going on?
[Team Rocket laughing]
Preparing for trouble
is what's going on.
And making it double
from dusk to dawn!
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation!
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To net us some Pokémon
from high up above!
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for a precarious fight.
Meowth, that's right!
‐ Team Rocket!
‐ Help us, please!
[PANICKED]
‐ Let them go, now!
‐ That would just be silly.
This Tyrunt has been with us
since day one.
The others
are icing on the cake.
Team Rocket's truly
on the take.
‐ So give us a break.
‐ But you'll get none.
[gasps]
[coughing]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Our work is done.
[grunts]
[gasps]
‐ 'They're gone.'
‐ Bonnie, no!
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Tyrantrum!
I said no! You're not gonna
get Tyrunt, never ever!
Oh, please.
Notice you're in a net.
And that severely limits
your options.
I'm keeping Tyrunt, see?
We're best friends
and there's nothing you guys
can do about it.
Stop! You have already been
informed Tyrunt's ours!
[all screaming]
‐ Thanks, Tyrunt. Yay!
‐ Alright, Gourgeist, go!
Inkay, let it flow.
[APPEARING]
Nuzzle, okay?
[FOCUSED]
[NOZZLE MOVE]
[PAINED]
Shadow Ball, now!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[PAINED]
Ah. Dedenne!
[screaming]
Let's go, Tyrunt.
[CONFIDENT]
‐ The nerve. Get back here!
‐ Such bad manners. Stop!
Bunnelby, use Dig.
[DIG MOVE]
Come on.
[grunts]
Escaped again.
[FOCUSED]
ASH
'Talonflame!'
[STARTLED]
See anything?
TALONFLAME
[DISAPPOINTED]
What about you?
Please, look again.
This time,
expand your search area.
We're counting on you two.
[DETERMINED]
[thinking]
Bonnie.
Let's play a trick
on Team Rocket.
Bunnelby, dig a bunch of holes
just like when we were all
playing before, remember?
[DETERMINED]
[DIG MOVE]
[breathing heavily]
‐ What?
‐ No way.
Resistance is futile!
When they come out of those
holes, scoop them up.
Ten‐four.
‐ Ah! There!
‐ Over there!
Over there!
[screaming]
‐ Why you!
‐ How dare you!
[screaming]
‐ Over there.
‐ That way.
JAMES/JESSIE
No, this way.
[panting]
[PROUD]
Now's our chance
to get out of here.
[DETERMINED]
‐ Get back here.
‐ Impudent brat.
Hurry, hurry!
Hey, what's wrong, Tyrunt?
Are you tired?
[TIRED]
[FOCUSED]
[ENCOURAGING]
Here. Have some water.
[laughing]
Me too.
Hm. That's good.
Tyrunt, your fur
is a little messy. Here.
Like it? It feels good, right?
[HAPPY]
[FOCUSED]/[EXCITED]
Oh!
JESSIE
'Hi.'
Those guys just won't give up.
[panting]
Hurry, hurry.
JAMES
Get back here!
This way.
Give it up.
[grunts]
That Twerpette is way too quick
for her own good!
[STRUGGLING]
Come on, you can do it.
[grunting]
[STRUGGLING]
Huh? Ah.
Tyrunt.
[grunting]
[GRATEFUL]
That was a close call.
[RELIEVED]
Phew! We made it.
You climbed up really well.
We should all be safe up here.
Hah! Your little legs
can only carry you so far.
Now, hand over our Tyrunt.
Tyrunt's gonna travel with me.
Got it!
Stay back, okay?
[ANGRY]
Okay, Inkay, go!
[DETERMINED]
'Use Tackle.'
Bunnelby!
[WILD CHARGE MOVE]
Alright!
Gourgeist, use Leech Seed.
[LEECH SEED MOVE]
[PAINED]
Use Seed Bomb.
[SEED BOMB MOVE]
[PAINED]
Ah?
[WEAK]
JAMES
'Use Psybeam!'
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[WEAK]
Dedenne, be strong.
‐ Let's go for the grab.
‐ And go for the nab!
‐ Oh, no!
‐ Move it!
[ANGRY]/[DETERMINED]
Tyrunt!
[grunts]
Stop it, now! Ah.
Let go. Let go.
‐ Say what?
‐ Get rid of that punky pest.
Right away.
[both grunting]
What do you think
you're doing? Aah!
[SHOCKED]
[screaming]
[DETERMINED]
You'll never sink your teeth
into that super alloy.
[screaming]
[AGHAST]
[PROUD]
[gasps]
Never say never.
[DETERMINED]
Ah. Did you evolve?
[laughing]
That's not part of my script.
‐ It evolved into Tyrantrum.
‐ Come on. Let's hurry.
[grunting]
‐ Bonnie!
‐ Are you okay?
Hi, Clemont.
Ah! It's those Twerps.
Wow, Bonnie,
is that Tyrantrum?
Yeah, it evolved.
Tyrantrum. The Despot Pokémon.
'Using its jaw, Tyrantrum can
rip through thick metal.'
'In times past,
it was considered unbeatable.'
‐ Awesome.
‐ Tyrantrum.
Thank you
for protecting Bonnie.
[GRACIOUS]
How dare you ruin our plan!
Payback time
and you're going to pay.
With your Pokémon.
[screaming]
‐ 'You're not going anywhere.'
‐ 'Stand still and save time.'
Tyrantrum, please help
my brother and my friends.
Huh?
[DETERMINED]
[gasps]
Check it out.
It bit through it
like it was nothing.
You go, Tyrantrum.
[screaming]
[DETERMINED]
Come on. Tyrantrum was ours
long before the Twerps.
I guess you could say
Operation Take Tyrunt turned out
to be a whole lot more take
than we could chew.
From now on, let's go after
something with a bit less lip.
I hate Twerps!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
'We're blasting off again!'
Wow, I had no idea
you were so strong.
[BASHFUL]/[PLAYFUL]
[screaming]
[chuckles]
So cute. Can we keep it?
Please, Clemont, please?
‐ Bonnie.
‐ Why not?
Look at how close
the two of them are.
The more the merrier.
[HAPPY]
Don't forget,
you're taking care of Tyrantrum.
I will. I'll do everything.
Tyrantrum, you'll always
be with me.
Alright then,
promise to take care of it.
Huh?
What happened?
‐ Huh?
‐ Well, what's wrong?
‐ Is it broken?
‐ 'No.'
‐ Huh?
‐ I'm afraid, no.
Tyrantrum already has a Trainer.
Ah.
Huh?
[engine revving]
Tyrantrum.
‐ Ah‐ha!
‐ So there you are.
Who are you?
You see, we're both scientists
from the Pokémon Fossil
Research Lab.
Pokémon Fossil Research Lab?
Huh? Huh.
Ah.
Of course.
I thought it was strange
to see a wild Tyrunt.
That means you're the research
lab's Pokémon?
[AGREEMENT]
SCIENTIST A 'I see.
So that's what happened.'
You took it upon yourself
to take care of Tyrantrum.
SERENA She did. Bonnie is the
one who did everything.
SCIENTIST A
'Thank you so much, Bonnie.'
Let us give you a tour of the
Pokémon Fossil Research Lab
as our thanks.
Yeah?
That sounds like a lot of fun.
[EXCITED]
I bet there's gonna be
lots of Pokémon.
Hey, Bonnie?
Let's all go
to the Research Lab.
'Okay?'
‐ Whoa. It's huge.
‐ Pikachu.
Yeah. So this is where you
restore fossils into Pokémon?
‐ Yes, that's correct.
‐ Incredible.
‐ Don't you think so, Bonnie?
‐ Hm.
[PROUD]
Aerodactyl. Whoa.
[AMAZED]
Oh, wow!
What a wonderful opportunity.
‐ Isn't it great to see them?
‐ Hmpf.
Huh? Bonnie, look at that!
It's a Kabuto.
[laughing]
I can't believe they're all
real. Incredible stuff.
Check it out.
You'll love what you see.
[ENCOURAGING]
And this area here
is where all of our Tyrunt
and Tyrantrum live.
SERENA So they're all
Tyrantrum's friends?
Right. They're all so close,
they're like family.
[HAPPY]
[AFFECTIONATE]
Oh..
Now, Bonnie, I think it's time
to say goodbye.
Hey, Bonnie?
[screaming]
Aah!
[JOYOUS]
[FOCUSED]
Brushing your teeth's good
for you.
Feel good? I'm glad.
[sobbing]
Huh?
[AFFECTIONATE]
Now, that you're a Tyrantrum
you're way too big
to act like a baby.
It's time to be a grown up.
[HAPPY]
BONNIE 'Don't cause any trouble
for the scientists, okay?'
Tyrantrum really likes
to be brushed
so I think I should
give this to you.
Thank you, Bonnie.
We'll be sure
to use it all the time.
Bye‐bye.
Take care, Tyrantrum.
[TENDER]
No, no. You belong here
at the lab. Don't follow me.
[crying]
[WORRIED]
Oh, Bonnie.
I know.
Don't worry, I know.
Bye‐bye, now.
I won't forget you.
[TOUCHED]/[GRATEFUL]
NARRATOR In the world of
Pokémon, there are hellos
in life and there are good‐byes
as well.
And so, with fond memories
of Tyrunt and Tyrantrum
etched into
Bonnie's heart forever
our heroes bid
a fond farewell
to the Pokémon Fossil
Research Lab
as their journey continues.
BONNIE
Take care, Tyrantrum.
I'll come and see you
again someday.
TYRANTRUM
[TENDER]
[theme music]